Menu
@author Luke Kurlandski
November 20, 2019

This information specifically concerns the Menu.

File

Quit
	Select this button to safely close the application.
	If an experiment is running, it is advised that you first abort the experiment, wait for the communication window 
		to report that all serial ports were closed, then select the close button

Save As
	Select this button to save the input of the experiment in a text file for later use.
	Save the file in the default directory, SingleImageCreator/Experiments/
	We advice you name the file with todays date and a brief name of the experiment: (xx-xx-xx) - name
	The .txt extension will be added automatically.
	A screenshot will be taken of the main window and saved with the same name you used above; 
		the .txt extension will be replaced by .png
	At the conclusion of the experiment, these files will be overwritten with a new (identical) .txt file and
		a new screenshot; this allows the actual duration of the experiment to be captured and recorded.

Open
	Open any previous experiment stored in a .txt file: 
		SingleImageCreator/Experiments
	Note if the experiment is of improper format, the program may crash.

Open Sample Experiment
	Open a sample experiment to display how to use this program: 
		SingleImageCreator/Experiments/Sample Experiment Single Image Creator.txt

Open Recent Experiment
	Open the previous experiment, which is automatically saved after pressing the ‘Update all Information’ button:
		SingleImageCreator/Experiments/Previous Experiment Single Image Creator.txt

Serial Configurations

Configure the serial port settings with each of the following devices. 
These settings are saved and will be used automatically in following experiments.
The devices use the following settings:

Motor:
	Port: user defined
	Baudrate: 19200
	Timeout: 0.1
	Stopbits: 1
	Bytesize: 8
	Parity: None
Laser:
	Port: user defined
	Baudrate: 19200
	Timeout: 0.1
	Stopbits: 1
	Bytesize: 8
	Parity: None
Shutter:
	Port: user defined
	Baudrate: 9600
	Timeout: 0.1
	Stopbits: 1
	Bytesize: 8
	Parity: None

Equipment Settings

Laser

Maximum Laser Power
	Lasers have a maximum power they are permitted to use.
	The user MUST specify the CORRECT laser power in miliwatts.

Power Change Pause
	Laser take several seconds to change their power level.
	The user should specify how long they want the laser to pause between power changes.